feat: Add es samples for 11.2.2 (#15)
IBM/ibm-event-automation: event-streams/cr-examples/eventstreams/kubernetes/README.md

# Event Streams samples for Kubernetes Platform 

> This directory provides sample configuration for installing EventStreams on a Kubernetes Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory provides sample configurations for installing Event Streams on Kubernetes platforms.
```
